feat: utilize Imgix::Path#to_srcset when constructing srcsets (#83)
imgix/imgix-rails: README.md

<a name="ix_image_tag"></a>
### ix_image_tag

The `ix_image_tag` helper method makes it easy to pass parameters to imgix to handle resizing, cropping, etc. It also simplifies adding responsive imagery to your Rails app by automatically generating a `srcset` based on the parameters you pass. We talk a bit about using the `srcset` attribute in an application in the following blog post: [“Responsive Images with `srcset` and imgix.”](https://docs.imgix.com/tutorials/responsive-images-srcset-imgix?_ga=utm_medium=referral&utm_source=sdk&utm_campaign=<lib>-readme).

> `ix_image_tag` generates `<img>` tags with a filled-out `srcset` attribute that leans on [imgix-rb](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#fixed-image-rendering) to do the hard work. It also makes a variety of options available for customizing how the `srcset` is generated. For example, if you already know the minimum or maximum number of physical pixels that this image will need to be displayed at, you can pass the `min_width` and/or `max_width` options. This will result in a smaller, more tailored `srcset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ix_image_tag` generates `<img>` tags with a filled-out `srcset` attribute that leans on [imgix-rb](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb) to do the hard work. It also makes a variety of options available for customizing how the `srcset` is generated. For example, if you already know the minimum or maximum number of physical pixels that this image will need to be displayed at, you can pass the `min_width` and/or `max_width` options. This will result in a smaller, more tailored `srcset`.
```

`ix_image_tag` takes the following arguments:

* `source`: An optional String indicating the source to be used. If unspecified `:source` or `:default_source` will be used. If specified, the value must be defined in the config.
* `path`: The path or URL of the image to display.

> * `tag_options`: Any options to apply to the generated `img` element. This is useful for adding class names, alt tags, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tag_options`: HTML attributes to apply to the generated `img` element. This is useful for adding class names, alt tags, etc.
```

* `url_params`: The imgix URL parameters to apply to this image. These will be applied to each URL in the `srcset` attribute, as well as the fallback `src` attribute.
* `srcset_options`: A variety of options that allow for fine tuning `srcset` generation. More information on each of these modifiers can be found in the [imgix-rb documentation](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#srcset-generation). Any of the following can be passed as arguments:
  
  * [`widths`](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#custom-widths): An array of exact widths that `srcset` pairs will be generated with.
  * [`min_width`](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#minimum-and-maximum-width-ranges): The minimum width that `srcset` pairs will be generated with.

>   * [`max_width`](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#minimum-and-maximum-width-ranges): The maximum width that `srcset` pairs will be generated with.

Reviewer: We should note that these two options are ignored if `widths` is passed.

If you already know all the exact widths you need images for, you can specify that by passing the `widths` option as an array. In this case, imgix-rails will only generate `srcset` pairs for the specified `widths`.

```erb

> <%= ix_image_tag('/unsplash/hotairballoon.jpg', srcset_options: { widths: [320, 640, 960, 1280] }, url_params: { w: 300, h: 500, fit: 'crop', crop: 'right'}, tag_options: { alt: 'A hot air balloon on a sunny day' }) %>

Reviewer: Perhaps this example should not specify `w` and `h` as params 😉.

Author: Good catch 😆

```

#### Fixed image rendering

In cases where enough information is provided about an image's dimensions, `ix_image_tag` will instead build a `srcset` that will allow for an image to be served at different resolutions. The parameters taken into consideration when determining if an image is fixed-width are `w`, `h`, and `ar`. By invoking `ix_image_tag` with either a width or the height and aspect ratio (along with `fit=crop`, typically) provided, a different srcset will be generated for a fixed-size image instead.

```rb
<%= ix_image_tag('/unsplash/hotairballoon.jpg', url_params: {w: 1000}) %>
```

Will render the following HTML:

```html
<img srcset="https://assets.imgix.net/image.jpg?ixlib=rails-3.0.2&amp;w=1000&amp;dpr=1&amp;q=75 1x,
https://assets.imgix.net/image.jpg?ixlib=rails-3.0.2&amp;w=1000&amp;dpr=2&amp;q=50 2x,
https://assets.imgix.net/image.jpg?ixlib=rails-3.0.2&amp;w=1000&amp;dpr=3&amp;q=35 3x,
https://assets.imgix.net/image.jpg?ixlib=rails-3.0.2&amp;w=1000&amp;dpr=4&amp;q=23 4x,
https://assets.imgix.net/image.jpg?ixlib=rails-3.0.2&amp;w=1000&amp;dpr=5&amp;q=20 5x" sizes="100vw" src="https://assets.imgix.net/image.jpg?ixlib=rails-3.0.2&amp;w=1000">

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add an additional paragraph here explaining the unexpected `q` values in the srcset above, and once again mentioning how they can be disabled?
